brief time
oh very nice
much better does that mean we are
finally out of this alley yes I've got
an inside job for you all right
the bathrooms in my headquarters haven't
been cleaned in months
take this place that much doesn't it
good
who's the tooth bro and wonder where
that our creature is well you don't have
to wonder anymore
art will end the trouble now I don't
think so
Oh
Farmar may Horace
goodbye evil Hedgehog thanks
I think our just want the a suggest
yes nice work Sonic hey no problemo
nothing's getting out of that let's book
destroy hedgehogs
no problemo we really kick some butt but
yeah but I bet button he's already
working on something better
Oh get over it manic come on let the
music move yeah yeah you're right sis
what's going on no spin I told you I
would learn okay you got it so go ahead
and take us in first make more of that
noise noise the noise you were making
music but Nick but Nick Oh Robotnik
Robotnik but Nick that is very funny now
play the note B music well since we got
no choice time to rock your socks off
bud
what's going down
me a struggle to and freedom for Assad
so many friends
it's important that we win everybody
here the car
me
Oh freedom mr. fries keep it shining in
your eyes
we won't bend we won't even
okay art do what you gotta do